#summary Parametric Navigation Installation Instructions - version 1.5.1 (GSA v4.6.4.G70)
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

This page contains the installation instructions for the GSA parametric navigation.  All the appropriate files can be found in the zip file that is available in the downloads section.

= Details =

Installation Instructions:

==> NOTE: Google does not warranty or in any way guarantee the reliability of this code.  Use it at your own risk.

==>NOTE: Before starting, it is important to use the parameter proxyreload=1 in your browser's URL line (for the search URL) in order to make sure that any changes to a stylesheet are reflected immediately.


==Step 1==

Create the following xsl template, where all other templates are defined,
inside your xslt:

_
{{{
<xsl:template name="my_parametric_navigation">
  <span class="p">
    <xsl:text disable-output-escaping="yes"> &lt;!-- Please enter html code below. --&gt;</xsl:text>

 <!-- ********************************************************************** -->

  <div name="mtParametric" id="mtParametric"><font size="1"><br/><br/><br/><br/>
&#160;&#160;&#160;Loading parametric...</font></div>

 <!-- ********************************************************************** -->

  </span>
</xsl:template>
}}}
_

==Step 2==

In the "Global Style (do not customize" section, before 
the </xsl:comment> tag, put in the following lines:

_
{{{
<!-- ************************************************************* -->
<!-- CUSTOM : Parametric Navigation specific style
*************************** -->
div#metaclustering { font-size: 84%; line-height: 140%; float: right; width: 15em; margin: 1em 0 0 1em; padding-left: 1em; border-left: 1px solid #cccccc; }
div#metaclustering h3 { font-size: 100%; font-weight: bold; margin: 1.2em 0 0.6em 0; padding: 0; }
div#metaclustering ul { list-style: none; margin: 0; padding: 0; }
div#metaclustering li { margin-left: 2em; text-indent: -2em; }
#metacluster_message { color: #666666; }
<!-- ************************************************************* -->
}}}
_

==Step 3==

In the "Search results (do not customize)" section, right before the body tag,
add the following include files:

_
{{{
<script language='javascript' src='common.js'>//Comment</script>
<script language='javascript' src='xmlhttp.js'>//Comment</script>
<script language='javascript' src='uri.js'>//Comment</script>
<script language='javascript' src='cluster.js'>//Comment</script>
}}}
_

==Step 4==

In the "Search results (do not customize)" section, right before the body tag,
you can either include the googleParametric.js file as follows:

_
{{{
<!-- Parametric Navigation code start -->
 <script language='javascript' src='http://YOUR_HOST/googleParametric.js'>//Comment</script>
<!-- Parametric Navigation code end -->
}}}
_

You will also have to change YOUR_HOST to the host name where you have placed the googleParametric.js file.

OR

If you do not wish, or do not have an external machine to import the javascript code from, you must import the following file:

googleParametricInclude.txt

into your XSLT right before the body tag for the results page.


==Step 5==

Call mTLoad in the body onLoad portion of the XSLT similar to this:

_
{{{
<body onLoad="mTLoad('mtParametric', '{$search_url}', 1);" dir="ltr">
}}}
_



==Step 6==

Place any other parametric navigation function calls that are required, before
the mTLoad statement.  

NOTE: If you do not add in any mTAddField calls, then all the parametric fields
and their values will be displayed.  If you wish only specific parametric
fields to be displayed, use the mTAddField function call, as follows:

_
{{{
// mTAddField(metaTagName, metaTagDelimiter);
mTAddField('keywords', ',');
}}}
_

If you wish to name the Label for a specific parametric field, then the
mTSetDisplayName function will need to be used, as follows:

_
{{{
// mTSetDisplayName(metaTagName, metaTagLabel);
mTSetDisplayName('keywords', 'Keywords');
}}}
_

For more information on the list of available functions and their description, 
please see the parametric navigation documentation or the readme.txt file.


==Step 7==

Call the my_parametric_navigation template:

_
{{{
<xsl:call-template name="my_parametric_navigation">
</xsl:call-template>
}}}
_

wherever you want to display the parametric navigation results.